neo4j.md, before:

# browser overview 
add another col

MATCH (m:Movie)
WHERE m.released > 2000
RETURN m, "Hello" AS anotherColumn
LIMIT 5
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3bd517a-9f53-4ba4-a093-4ec32ed84f4c" />
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3555053-346e-4ebd-b1b3-bb7f626134e0" />
# to connect own database select blank sandbox write cretae query for table
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6279b76e-764e-4b0d-a860-0c52cd4909fa" />
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7b72c3c-a48f-4023-ab2d-7e9482d57611" />
# MATCH in neo4j is like select statement in sql
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6bfe50b3-8e1d-4235-90e8-7b9f245d2159" />
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d1c62e7-a0e4-46bd-8517-d7abb288f0b5" />


--------------------downloaded neo4j desktop
# create instance 
# connect to instance
# select query option and create database
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/836d300f-c658-427a-a78e-ab9218e85c13" />

Commit message:

Update neo4j.md with new image and query details
Added an image and additional instructions for querying relationships.

neo4j.md, after:

# browser overview 
add another col

MATCH (m:Movie)
WHERE m.released > 2000
RETURN m, "Hello" AS anotherColumn
LIMIT 5
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3bd517a-9f53-4ba4-a093-4ec32ed84f4c" />
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3555053-346e-4ebd-b1b3-bb7f626134e0" />
# to connect own database select blank sandbox write cretae query for table
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6279b76e-764e-4b0d-a860-0c52cd4909fa" />
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7b72c3c-a48f-4023-ab2d-7e9482d57611" />
# MATCH in neo4j is like select statement in sql
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6bfe50b3-8e1d-4235-90e8-7b9f245d2159" />
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d1c62e7-a0e4-46bd-8517-d7abb288f0b5" />


--------------------downloaded neo4j desktop
# create instance 
# connect to instance
# select query option and create database
<img width="2940" height="1912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0fcb772-830c-48f4-aced-18d61a055df0" />
# click on relationship to see the graph relation and we can see the query written
MATCH p=()-[]->() RETURN p LIMIT 25;         --for all relationship
